Ah brother
Boss, where have you been?
Ah me
I go out to do something
You don't know.
You won't want me anymore
Of course I won't leave you
Neither you nor Jiang Jiang will let go of you
Hey, why are you all here?
I went back to the Zhou family and there was no one there.
Boss, this cop has amnesia, amnesia
What do you mean?
Is he looking for you?
I fell down the stairs by myself
The doctor said he had amnesia
He only remembers what happened to you seven years ago
As for whether he can recover, it's up to him
Let's talk first
I'll go first
Sister, there are many better people than Zhou Huaijing
Why did you hang yourself from one of his trees?
If done
It's easy to say
Let's go home
Everything that goes abroad tomorrow is ready for you.
Now.
So many years